Clarify the L2 voting process (#1079)
snowpackjs/astro: GOVERNANCE.md

Certain project decisions require a vote. These include:

- Governance changes: simple majority (over 50%) conducted via GitHub PR approval.

> - Contributor membership (L2 and L3): discussion via a temporary channel with qualified contributors for up to 3 days. overwhelming majority (over 70%) vote conducted by privately messaging a steward. Funneling both assenting and dissenting votes directly through stewards allows for anonymity when discussing the merits of a potential contributor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contributor membership (L2 and L3): discussion conducted via a temporary Discord channel open to qualified contributors for up to 3 days. Acceptance requires an overwhelming majority (over 70%) vote conducted by privately messaging a steward. Funneling both assenting and dissenting votes directly through stewards allows for anonymity when discussing the merits of a potential contributor.
```

- Governance changes: simple majority (over 50%) conducted via GitHub PR approval.
- Core contributor membership: overwhelming majority (over 70%) conducted by privately messaging a steward. Funneling both assenting and dissenting votes directly through stewards allows for anonymity when discussing the merits of a potential contributor.

> - Committer contributor membership: discussion conducted via a thread with all existing L2 contributors. Thread will be deleted once a decision is made.

Reviewer 2: - mention simple vs. overwhelming majority
- actually, everything added here feels relevant to both membership voting, not just committer. Does it make more sense to add this to the existing bullet point as "~core~ contributor membership" and then also remove the point about private messaging for both? I'd be +1 on that change.
